My Miss Tang went out to prepare a special program for you,
You must not miss it. Miss Tang is not going to the bathroom.
It seems that Mr. Bai is still very concerned about our Miss Tang.
Then this month ago,
Forget it early, go safely, come,
Come, come, come, like this,
What is this, Mr. Bai,
Isn’t it already here? Come on, I’ll open the door for you.
I'll let you do some walking around early,
This is a gift prepared by our company and the little Tang sisters.
What will happen to you in the future?
Just thinking it doesn't matter
I don't want to be tired
Don't be urgent
It’s easy to say goodbye
So obedient
They all spread him out and killed me.
This is spicy and will make you full
This is something Wu La will do
You are the sister of Wu Lahui
I'll let you go and you'll never remember what you've eaten.
You got this result
You are so spicy
Run him down here
this is really
Meet with Wu La
I'm really not a bad person
He is actually
Then you go, I go, okay, I let you go
Please come here
I'm too small to open the door for you, sister, you're looking for death